Add expected input and output to integration docs (#369)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-downstream-analyses: additional-docs/additional-parameters.md

|[View Genes of Interest Config File](../config/goi_config.yaml)|
|---|

## Integration analysis parameters

The [configuration file](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/stable/snakefiles/configuration.html), `config/integration_config.yaml` sets the defaults for all parameters needed to run the data integration workflow.

> It is **not required** to alter these parameters to run the workflow, but if you would like to change the integration method(s) or the number of multi-processing threads to use, you can do so by changing these parameters via a text editor of your choice or at the command line per our documentation [here](./command-line-options.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is **not required** to alter these parameters to run the workflow.
If you would like to change the integration method(s) or the number of multi-processing threads to use, you can do so by changing these parameters via a text editor of your choice or at the command line per our documentation [here](./command-line-options.md). 
```
Just breaking this sentence up since it's a little long.

The parameters found in the `config/integration_config.yaml` file can be optionally modified and are as follows:

| Parameter        | Description | Default value |
|------------------|-------------|---------------|
| `threads` | the number of multiprocessing threads to use | 1 |

> | `integration_method` | the method(s) to be used for integration | `"fastMNN,harmony"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `integration_method` | the method(s) to be used for integration; to include multiple integration methods use a comma separated list. Currently, the workflow only supports `fastMNN` or `harmony`. | `"fastMNN,harmony"` |
```

> | `batch_column` | the name of the `SingleCellExperiment` column that indicates the grouping of interest; this will generally be batches or cell types | `"library_id"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `batch_column` | the name of the column in the `SingleCellExperiment` object indicating the original library each cell was derived from | `"library_id"` |
```
I don't think we want to mention cell types since we don't have full supporting right now for using cell types rather than batches for labeling and calculating metrics.

> | `cell_id_column` | the name of the `SingleCellExperiment` column that contains the cell barcodes | `"cell_id"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cell_id_column` | the name of the column in the `SingleCellExperiment` object containing the cell barcode | `"cell_id"` |
```
